Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
Let's take a look at this clip.
ladies and gentlemen.
from the zombie film.
Take a look.
♪
Captain Ajam to seashore.
Got a situation onboard!
Hey. I know you.
I know you. too.
Ah. ah. mayday!
Did you hire a drug dealer
to make me drunk?
Yes!
♪
Bring it.
Hey. zombie.
Payback is a bitch.
- You did a great job there.
- Thank you.
That looked like
it was a lot of...
Mattie. that looked like
it was a lot of fun to do.
to shoot that gun and say.
"Payback is a bitch."
Yes. it is.
When we invited Mattie and Sam
to be on the show. we said.
"Do they have any requests?"
thinking they might ask for
maybe a little soda
in the dressing room
or something. and they...
As you can see.
they are not shy about
asking for what they want.
They said. "We demand
a chocolate fountain."
Yes. I love
a chocolate fountain.
So. guys. on the way out.
we're gonna bring out
your chocolate fountain.
- It's here.
- Yeah! Oh. my God!
- Where is it?
- Oh. my God!
Oh. my God!
Oh. my God.
Yeah.
Oh. my God. it's bigger.
We don't do this for anybody.
this is just for you guys.
Spring Break Zombie Massacre
is coming soon
to a theater near you.
♪
Take one. action.
All right. Sam's looking around.
Wiping his nose.
All right. pan it back out...
and cue Matthew.
All right. I know
what's going on here.
Your boss is the Joker.
I knew it.
Hey. I'm serious. buddy.
The Joker is here.
I have to kill you.
Dad. cut.
Here's a story
you may have heard about.
Two best friends
who rallied their entire town
around a dream.
But the part that
most people don't know
is that that dream
turned out to be
an extremely violent
and questionable zombie movie.
♪
Action.
My name is Sam Suchmann.
I'm making a movie
with my bro Mattie.
- Yep.
- And it was cool meeting me too.
♪
And action.
Spring Break Zombie Massacre.
♪
So. let's take a trip down
to the river.
♪
You know. a lot of people
like to watch Sam
and Mattie's broship.
and it's an amazing thing.
and the part of their broship
that I think
that I like the best
is the chemistry between them
when it comes to
a lot of things.
but particularly
when they get creative.
- Action.
- Go this way. I'll go this way.
I started trying to go out.
you know. with the camera.
'cause they were always saying.
"Let's go out and make a movie."
I would attempt to direct
Sam and Mattie.
which is almost
an impossible task.
It's called
the "Tunnel of Terror."
The end. All right. good.
All right. Dad.
- That's a wrap.
- Okay.
One of the things
that I was very concerned about
when I had a child
with a disability
was that I was afraid he wasn't
gonna have any friends.
and it was just...
Just so cool that
Sam and Mattie found each other
so early on. and they
got each other right away.
and it was. like.
they just clicked immediately.
So. um. can you tell me.
like. a funny story.
like. one funny story. you guys.
like. something crazy
- that you did.
- Oh. yeah. funny story.
- Yeah. funny story.
- I got one.
When I was 7.
I went to the Umbrella Factory.
There was an emu.
He reached for a carrot.
and I got scared
and pissed my pants.
- Yeah. he did.
- He didn't piss his pants.
I did a little bit.
I'm Sam's brother Jesse.
How's that looking?
That looks good.
You messed it up.
- Is that good?
- No. keep going.
And for the past five years.
even though I live
in New York now. my friends
and I have been road tripping
back to Rhode Island
to help them make this movie.
All right.
once I have the sound going.
- The audio sound.
- Audio.
- Okay. we're gonna do it. ready?
- Yeah.
- Action.
- All right.
So. just start with.
"I'm Sam." and "I'm Mattie."
- Right... I'm Matt.
- I'm Sam.
- And we love movies.
- We love movies.
We met at Special Olympics.
That was our
first swim practice.
and I was. like. 10 years old.
I would say. yeah.
this is where we started.
We became bros.
and then grew up.
- We wanna make this movie...
- We started this movie idea...
because we like
zombies and movies...
- Movies and zombies.
- And girls.
- Girls.
Zombies and girls don't mix.
I know.
but some zombies are girls.
- It's a little crazy. but...
- It is.
We'll make it work.
We established some rules
for the project early on.
We all officially agreed that
rule number one was to have fun.
but rule number two was that
Sam and Mattie were in charge.
and had final creative say
on all decisions.
They are outrageous
in a way that nobody expects
and is shocking and surprising.
I think people
are shocked by the movie.
I gave it to Christmas. to
people and I was a little. like.
mm. not sure they're gonna
be happy about this.
Guys. wanna tell me something
about your upcoming movie?
Oh. yeah. our movie.
our zombie movie is epic.
- Yeah. gonna be good.
- You have action.
- Yeah.
- Sex.
No. no. no. no. no sex.
- Stunts.
- PG-13. no sex.
- Yeah. it's adventurous.
- Adventurous?
- Yeah. with zombies.
Yeah. it has scary.
and humor. and image.
- and some disturbing parts.
- Disturbing parts?
- Like. scary parts.
- Do you really?
This wasn't Sam and Mattie's
first attempt at video stardom.
- Who is it?
- It's Vanessa Hudgens.
my girlfriend.
Don't you see her?
Three. two. one!
Hey. what's up.
this is Sam and Mattie here.
This is doing
some shots of Diet Coke...
- Yep.
- In the backyard.
Shut up. birds!
But something about
the zombie movie
was clearly special to them.
and they were determined
- to get our help with it.
- This has nothing to do with
- your movie.
- It does.
What does it have to do
with your movie?
Jesse says I have to
put videos on his iPod.
and then put it on the cloud
for the documentary.
Okay. taking video
of me doing paperwork?
- Yes.
- Really?
Mattie. do the singing now.
- Nacho. nacho man.
- Nacho man.
- I wanna be a nacho man.
- I wanna be. I wanna be
a nacho man.
Nacho!
Do it.
♪
And cut.
Remember the plot
that we did on my dad's laptop?
Yeah.
It says
Spring Break Zombie Massacre.
"Sam and Matt. bionic brothers
who save the world."
Hey. bro. I got some
really amazing ideas
for the movie.
Hey. bro.
talk to me when you can. bye.
Hey. Jess. it's Sam.
Just calling to say hi.
Hi. Jesse.
Give me a call when you can.
or if not. give me
a text when you can.
So. we just showed up
in Rhode Island with cameras
as often as we could.
and followed
Sam and Mattie's lead.
All right. yo. this is M-A-T-T.
I got swag. I got the flow.
I got the looks.
I got the Bieber swag.
♪
I killed it.
- He-he!
- Say we weren't here.
Right. if you were not here.
I'd be at work.
but I don't want to go to work.
Right now. I wanna make movies.
- You go to the library.
- Uh-huh.
Explain to me.
We go to the library to get
some music that's good.
So. I take the link.
drag it on...
YouTube mp4 converter.
What. I heard it 20 times.
Wait. who's calling me?
Oh. it's my mom.
- All right. hold on a second.
- Yep.
- Hello.
- Hey. Mom. it's me.
- How is it going?
- Uh. good.
- Yeah. where are you right now?
- At the library.
- Oh. okay.
- We're filming right now.
Okay. I don't wanna...
I don't wanna get in the way.
No. you're not. it's fine.
All right.
have a nice day. honey.
- I will.
- All right. yep. bye-bye.
All right. sorry about that.
sorry about that.
It's my mom. I love my mom.
Can we get Zombieland?
Let me see.
Zombieland. Zombieland.
There it is.
there is Zombieland over here.
And The Night
of the Living Dead.
- Oh. yeah?
- This is a good zombie movie.
- Hello.
- Hey. Matt. how are you?
- Hey. good.
- Good.
- I got these three.
- Sure.
Wait. hold on. where's my...
I'll be right back.
Need your card.
- You're on camera.
- It's okay.
Thank you.
thanks for letting me know.
- There you go. sir.
- You're welcome.
- Remember. you're on screen.
- Okay. yes.
- You're a second-hand character.
- Okay. second-hand.
- Yeah. it's awesome.
- It is awesome.
You have six items to pick up.
- "Let's Be Cops."
- Yep.
- "Step Up Revolution."
"College." "Waiting."
"House Party 2."
and "Project X."
You gonna take those. too.
today. or just these?
Oh. you know what.
I want to get it on Monday.
You wanna get those on Monday.
take these today?
Yeah. not today.
I'm busy on filming.
- Okay.
- It's better for me.
All right. that's fine.
He gets a lot of Jersey Shore.
which I find hysterical.
Sometimes the pile's like this.
- Yeah. it is.
- You are all set. my friend.
- Thank you.
- All right. have a great day.
- Love you. too.
- Love you.
- Sam.
- Yes. Mom?
- Have a good day. sweetie. okay?
- Okay.
- Okay. you too. Mom.
- I'll see you this afternoon.
- I love you.
- See you this afternoon.
Love you. too. Mom.
Okay.
Maybe it's not this weekend.
maybe that's...
- And what's the date...?
- There we go.
There we go.
Oh. that hurt.
- Good morning. Sam.
- Good morning.
He's here just to film me.
It's cool.
This is awesome.
There you are. all right.
that's the bell for homeroom.
Oh. my goodness.
What are you recording?
We're filming
a documentary for my movie.
- Oh.
- What movie?
- My teenage zombie movie.
- A zombie movie?
Yeah. I'm making a movie.
It's about
these two bionic brothers
that defeat zombies.
zombie demons.
and demons. and they fight.
- That is so cool.
- I know.
After just hanging out
and filming for a couple months.
we did what everyone else
seemed to be doing at the time.
and made a Kickstarter video.
- Hey. how are you?
- What's up?
- What's up? It's me.
Yo. what's up? It's me.
That's my catch phrase.
♪
He punched me.
Hey. you better not
be doing that!
I'm the handsome one like Nick
Jonas from the Jonas Brothers.
Yeah. that's true.
♪
Do you like skateboarding?
- Yes. I do.
- Why?
It represents my wild side.
♪
- What?
- Why are you destroying
- my garbage can?
- Uh. he told us that.
♪
We drew this.
it's half of the storyboard
- for the movie.
- You've been
drawing storyboards.
that's excellent.
♪
- It's about these two teens...
- Two teens.
By the names of Sam and Mattie.
and they have these
two hot girlfriends.
It's a lot of parties. a lot of
drugs going on in this movie.
There's some disturbing scenes.
It's gonna be completely naked.
two women. from the waist up.
I heard the word "naked."
I think that's out.
♪
And the zombies attack the ship.
Then we fight again.
then that's it.
On a cruise ship? That's gonna
be really expensive to shoot.
Does it have to be
on a cruise ship?
It can be on a ferry
if you want.
♪
Yeah. we're on jetpacks
and I'm taking selfies.
Mattie's texting.
Then. we take the jetpacks
to the city.
♪
It's gonna be
the greatest movie ever.
- Why?
- It's gonna be awesome.
Because this movie
has better action.
better sex. and better romance.
- Dog!
- Good dog...
We're making a movie over here!
Sorry!
So. I'm sorry about
the dog thing.
And exactly as Sam and Mattie
guaranteed us it would.
the whole thing went viral.
Two New England teens
are breaking barriers.
trying to make it big
in Hollywood.
Aspiring to be
the next big filmmakers
- from Rhode Island.
- An ambitious new project
starring two unlikely heroes
and zombies.
To help them get going.
Sam's older brother
launched a Kickstarter campaign.
the goal $50.000.
Some people are wondering.
"Why $50.000?
That's a big budget."
- Well. they have big ideas.
- It'd be like black and white
version of like
The Night of the Living Dead.
Some of those kind of movies.
This one has more comedy than...
We try to make fun of it.
See? It's really funny.
I now have the incredible honor
and pleasure of being joined by
Sam and Mattie.
and Sam's brother Jesse.
- What's up. guys?
- Hey. good.
Jesse. you put together
the Kickstarter.
Was this your idea?
They kept bringing up
the zombie movie.
and it kept sounding
more and more interesting.
and so I kept kind of
bringing it up to my friends
when I'd talk to them.
and eventually
we were all like. "All right.
let's make a trailer. why not?"
You know. just 'cause it's fun
to hang out and shoot.
You've asked for some
celebrities to get involved.
This is DJ Pauly D
with a message to you guys
that was sent to us today.
let's roll that.
What's up. Sam and Mattie?
My two boys from Rhode Island.
I heard you guys
are making a movie.
I'm trying to be
part of that. let's do it.
Yes. that's awesome!
♪
Yeah.
Hello.
- Hey. how's it going?
- Hey. what's up?
- What are you up to right now?
- Jamming.
You. uh... you sitting down
while you're jamming?
Yes. I am.
Good. 'cause I just. um...
I just wanted to let you know
that our Kickstarter's funded!
- We got the money!
- Oh. we did?
Oh. my God. oh. my God!
Oh. oh. my God!
Oh. my God. yo!
Holy shit!
Yo. fully funded!
- Hey.
- Is Mommy out there?
- Hello.
- Sam. I can hear you
in the background.
We gotta start scripting.
♪
The next step was to turn
Sam and Mattie's
construction paper storyboards
into an actual script.
which we quickly realized
was gonna take a lot of work.
So. we turned
our parents' basement
into Zombie HQ to figure it out.
♪
There's two ways to go:
You can just take down
all the ideas and we edit later.
But I feel like what is better
is if we take the sort of
first simplest structure.
and then go for dialogue.
- Are they okay with that?
- It's okay.
- Hope it's on.
- All right.
All right. let's work on
the script right. here we go.
Yeah. hold on.
I'm just writing the music.
Music. scene one. in the garage.
- Okay.
- Providence. Rhode Island.
Comes down into the garage.
- We hear the music.
- What kind of music?
Mostly rock.
- We are The American...
- Mind Freaks.
Yeah. and I'm behind the drums.
And you're gonna be on the drum?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Ah. so now we're talking.
- Mattie. what are you playing?
Jimi Hendrix. electric guitar
for 25 minutes.
AJ. who's the diva girl.
and just you guys jamming.
and the other people
hanging out in the garage.
- Yeah.
- It's like two guys
in the basement.
like. Wayne's World.
playing guitar. same thing.
You look at Mattie and say what?
I'm gonna say. "Oh. my God.
like wow. we just killed it."
"We just killed it. man."
- Yeah.
- Does this make sense?
- "Oh. my God. like wow.
- we just killed it."
- Yeah. there we go. totally.
- Yeah.
- And Mattie. what do you say?
"Is it okay if I go upstairs
with these girls?
- Yes.
- Well... well. only one of them.
- Only one girl.
- Or probably three or four.
Oh. okay. I'm gonna go with
10 percent of the girls.
- 10 percent of them.
- 10? Oh. nice.
- There ya go.
- Wait. so you're saying...?
Is it okay if I go upstairs
with 10 percent of these girls?
Things moved pretty slowly
at first. but eventually.
the scripting process clicked.
and was actually super fun.
- Yeah.
- So. what scene do we do next?
♪
And he's like. "Rise. my demons.
rise. my zombies.
rise. my zombie demons!"
Where are they?
Guess.
You can't defeat me.
now or ever!
Bring it!
♪
And then. AJ says.
"Or else what?"
Or else what?
So. "Or else I'm
breaking up with you."
Or else I'm
breaking up with you.
Fine. we're over.
- He's mine!
- Mine!
- Mine.
He's mine!
♪
Go over your ear. or just
straight into your skull?
It goes behind the ear
right here. so right here.
♪
- There's a huge party going on.
- Okay.
♪
Later. bitches.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. like that.
Mattie. you try.
Yeah. but...
What? Wow.
Can you hear me?
Check. check. one. two.
One. two. check. check...
sibilance.
I know Sam through
my best friend Jesse.
who I've known since childhood.
and I've known Sam
since he was a baby.
I helped change his diapers.
I was there
from the very beginning.
and yeah. he's just
like a brother to me.
We hang out. we talk about life.
we talk about things
that are going on.
He said that he wanted me
to be in the movie.
and I was pretty excited.
Good morning.
action movie monster.
What do you.
what do you think. Sam?
- Should I get this for real?
- Yeah. you definitely should.
Dude. that is so badass.
This is a busy alley. you guys.
The scripting process
was a blast.
I think it was...
I think that was probably
one of the most fun parts
of making the movie
was being there
and having Sam and Mattie
express their ideas.
figure out. like.
what they wanna do.
and then us. like. chiming in.
being like. "Okay. that's cool.
but. like. what about this?"
But. the best part is...
I love it 'cause Sam and Mattie
will just be like. "No. no.
it's gotta be like this."
Cut to flashback.
Guys are being born.
20 years earlier. right?
- Yeah.
- It goes across the screen.
Interior hospital.
open on Sam being born.
You're both in them.
And the weird thing. give birth.
So your mom.
from two different moms.
- are both pregnant.
- Yeah.
- What does... okay.
- And I was coming out
- without crying.
- This is Mattie.
- Tell me about your dad.
- Okay. well he's like the dad...
You described him yesterday as
"Chris Suchmann but younger.
- tan. better dancer."
- Yes. there ya go.
Okay. I'm just gonna
type that in.
These are
the future bionic heroes
that have the power
to save humanity!
Okay. well. I say
the dad and the Devil.
they're both having an argument.
This is the first scene
where we see the Devil.
He's like Lucifer.
you know. Lucifer in the Bible.
- Yeah.
- All red. yeah. all red.
- Goat legs.
- And a tail.
Where are those
future bionic babies?
You're too late. Devil.
You're not getting
anywhere near my family.
Leslie is your little sister.
- L-E-S-L-I-E.
- They're identical twins.
But. identical twins
with the same name?
Leslie Alexander Smith
and Leslie Rosa Smith.
- Okay.
- Yeah. so one is...
So. one is older
and one is younger.
- But. they're still twins?
- Yeah.
So. I'm. like.
the second little brother.
but I'm older.
Mattie's the oldest.
- Yep.
- But...
- Yeah.
- So then.
I'm still not clear on...
This is the dad
and this is the Devil.
- Yep.
- This is the two Leslies
and this is the two
of us right here.
and me and Mattie
are in right here.
- like in the belly.
- I just wanna reconcile. again.
that they're in the room
when you guys are being born.
- They do exist...
- But. that means they have to be
- older than you.
- Yeah. we exist.
- No. I'm not letting...
- If they're already in the room
- when you're being born...
- I'm not letting
my little sister
be older than me and Mattie.
My movie. so they're young.
All right. that's totally fine.
but then why are they
in the room
when you're being born?
I don't understand.
if they're younger.
They're younger because
they were the first younger...
Because they were
the first born...
They're like
the first two babies born.
I think we're getting
further and further away.
There's two people
that are in the room
that no one's ever
gonna be like. "Who's those?"
It's just like.
there's two other characters
that are in the room.
deal with it.
Whoever's older. who's younger.
that doesn't really matter.
Whose kids are where.
but the storyline is like.
why does the Devil want...?
Is even going through all this?
Why is he turning everyone
into zombies?
Why is... why is he
going after the Leslies?
So. let's just establish
the Leslies...
Because... because of the dad.
said to him to grow up.
Grow up.
Oh. so he's just... it's revenge
for saying. "Grow up."
He's pissed about
the "grow up" comment.
So. exactly. I'm not gonna...
I'm not only gonna get
your older-younger siblings...
you know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna go make
everybody zombies.
make everybody demons. and we're
gonna go after their family.
- Wait. I was...
- And zombie demons.
And zombie demons.
something like that. right?
He wants to kill
our girlfriends. too.
And I just wanna
kill their girlfriends.
'cause no one
tells me to grow up.
- Exactly.
- Right. right?
They'll have their moments.
but they get over it
and they get back in there.
and they want it.
They want that movie.
Guys. this is it.
This is the whole entire movie.
- 50 pages.
- It's all on page.
- Oh. my God.
- That's about an hour long.
Will you guys autograph this?
Oh. good idea.
- I'll sign right here.
- Okay.
No. I guess not.
- Thanks.
- With the script
finally in hand.
we called our friend Suzy.
who's an actual producer.
and she had some bad news.
Oh. there we go.
Hey. how are you doing. Suzy?
- Hi. guys. how are you?
- We finished the whole script.
I know. this script is amazing.
- Thank you.
- You know. you guys have been...
You guys have been
working really hard on this.
To dream big. and to write big.
and that's what
you're supposed to do
on the script-writing phase.
so you guys nailed it.
You guys have written a script
that is a movie
that's much. much. much bigger
of a budget
- than what we actually have.
- Oh. okay.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
So. that's something that
we're gonna have to talk about
a little bit.
so I made these little cards
that kinda break down
your script into locations.
So. you guys have
the scene where...
When the Devil first shows up
in a hospital room.
Well. we got
the fire safety offer.
It's like $1.000. 12-hour day.
So. basically on any day
that you guys wanna have
any kind of fire on set.
it's gonna cost you.
minimum. $5.000.
and that's just
for something small.
But. then it can
also cost up to $10.000
or $15.000 or more.
Just like... just like
the movie "Unfriended."
Obviously Sam and Mattie weren't
interested in compromising
on their vision. so we had
our work cut out for us.
♪
You guys have
a lot of locations.
♪
We're cool.
Two thumbs up.
♪
Right here. ocean. motion.
Ocean. motion.
I can't do it. Here and there.
♪
Just get into character.
This is... this is the one.
Prom. you're gonna have.
like. a DJ booth.
- people dancing.
- Yeah.
♪
Are you ready
to pick some casting?
- Oh. wow.
Either her or her.
- Or him.
- Eh. how about
this guy over here?
♪
In class. Sam came up to me.
and he mentioned the idea.
and actually he had
the script on him.
You're too late. Devil.
You're not going near my family.
- We have a dad!
- Yeah. we do.
♪
What's that noise?
- Bobby. action.
- Action.
♪
I don't want you talking to her.
- Yes to her.
- Thank you. you're so sweet.
♪
If this info gets into
the wrong hands.
it could mean
the end of humanity...
♪
Forever.
I love this guy.
♪
- 911!
- Sweet. cute. funny.
I'm a cute mess?
Am I a hot mess?
Where are those
future bionic babies?
Oh. that's scary.
♪
- Hey. how are you? I'm Tony.
- Hey. how you doing?
Oh. my God. you're the guy
who did Chucky.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. I love your work.
Oh. thanks. man.
So. basically
we fill these up with blood.
It's got a lot
of really gross stuff in it.
Is that a model of a Chucky?
- Yeah.
- Where's the mirror?
All right. go.
It tastes like...
It tastes like chicken.
- Zombies!
Sam and Mattie. how's it going?
These are
the craziest zombies ever.
This was custom made
just for Sam and Mattie.
♪
- Sam?
- Sam. yes.
- Mattie. hi.
- Mattie.
Tierre Turner.
I'm a stunt coordinator.
- Hey. guys. I'm Eric.
- Hey. hey.
- How are ya. man?
- Doing good.
♪
Swing it like a baseball bat.
you can make it wide
and have it come out.
Ooh. there ya go.
♪
Three. two. one. go!
- I like that!
- If you wanna do it again.
let me know.
♪
My favorite is Dumb and Dumber.
- I love that movie.
- Yeah. I like that movie.
- Are you him?
- Huh?
You did a movie about
The Three Stooges?
- I did. yeah.
- Wait. you're one of
- the Farrelly brothers.
- Yes. yeah. I'm Pete.
Come on. give it up.
hug it out like you mean it.
There you go.
So. you guys are
gonna do a read through?
- Yeah. we are.
- Ah. that's fantastic.
- I would love that.
- All right. so...
All right. so let's
get this thing started.
Sam and Mattie's
Teen Zombie Film.
Okay. so exterior garage. day.
music starts in
on the realm of Def Leppard.
Green Day. Skillet.
Open on the skyline
of Downtown Providence.
Crane down
to the garage to reveal
Sam and Mattie playing music.
- Sam.
- "Oh. my God. like wow.
- we just killed it."
- "Wow." let's see. right here.
"Is it okay if I go upstairs
with 10 percent of these girls?"
- There we go.
- Then. following...
"20 years earlier"
goes across the screen.
"You're too late. Devil.
you're not
going near my family."
"I don't need to
if I have an army of demons
- to do it for me."
- "Grow up!"
This sets the Devil off.
he begins ripping apart the room
destroying everything.
breaks hospital stuff.
windows. walls.
scratches the screens
- with his sharp nails.
- "Hey. guys. how's it going?"
The boys perk up. Sam turns away
from the video game.
Mattie stands up from the bed.
and gives Roger a high five.
"Hey. Dad."
- There ya go.
- Start over.
- There ya are. okay.
- All right.
- Get Sam and Mattie!
Sam ollies over
the four bullies.
"Later. bitches."
Sam takes a large bite
of his burrito
while soaring over them.
- Want some water?
- Uh. I'm good. thank you.
No. no. I was just acting.
I was acting.
You wanna go off page.
A lot of good stuff comes.
You guys never saw
Something About Mary. did ya?
- I've heard about it. but...
- Okay. well there's
a funny line in there
by Ben Stiller
where he talks about
Brett Fav-re.
That was just an ad lib.
you know. that kinda thing.
So. you're gonna
find things just going...
You know. just ad libbing.
you're gonna find funny stuff.
So. just be yourselves.
like. you guys. I mean.
you can identify
with these guys. right?
Except you're not
actually brothers.
but I love that you...
In this one...
Oh. there are two moms in this?
Two moms. same dad. but they are
both pregnant at the same time.
- But. it's the same dad?
- Same dad.
Yeah. that's what I was...
Yeah. that's... I love that.
It's great.
because I've never seen that.
- It's new. yeah.
- That's pretty original.
This is what happens
when we write scripts.
A lot of times the studio
comes to us and they say.
"Please don't do this or do that
because it might offend people."
and sometimes I'm like. "Well.
why would that be offensive?"
And then. they point it out.
and I'm like. "True."
There were a couple things
in here that I would avoid.
like. you know. this is
a guy's fantasy movie. right?
- Yeah.
- But. you must respect
the women in it.
and make sure you do that.
It's just. you know...
There's a point where it...
You don't wanna lose the women.
because that's
50 percent of your audience.
You know.
you want them to love you.
and you do love
these guys in here.
but there's just a couple lines
where I wouldn't cross.
I wanna talk about that
a little bit more.
Yeah. I get feed...
We got feedback.
and we should. like.
not really. you know.
be disrespectful to women.
And didn't you write in
a scene that was. like.
more positive to women
after that whole thing?
Yeah. I did. one of the scenes
has a lot of girl power.
- I love Spring Break.
- Oh. my God. that's so fun.
♪
- Whoa.
- Wow.
Yo. that was awesome.
- Girl power.
- I'll protect you.
- Come on. girl power.
- Girl power!
Girl power!
Girl power. girl power.
you know?
Well. I have not played the...
The surviving love interest.
This was a new experience.
I didn't die in the movie.
So. in that respect.
it was great!
I didn't die!
There is a reason you guys
are getting this movie made.
okay. and it's because
you're ambitious.
You guys thought to do it.
you didn't quit on it.
you got it made...
That's how we work.
It took us nine years
to get our first movie made.
- Nine years. but we never quit.
- Wow.
You guys never quit.
and that's why
- I admire you guys. okay?
- Yeah.
But. your other strength
is this:
You're natural.
You guys are just fun to watch.
'cause you have it.
you got that thing.
you have stage presence.
and all's you have to do
is be yourselves.
and it's gonna be great.
We better hope our first movie
is as good as his first movie.
You think you guys can
make your movie as good
- as Dumb and Dumber?
- I accept that challenge.
- Yeah. me too.
- All right. cool.
- Challenge accepted?
- Mhm.
All right.
We called in literally
every favor we had.
and it was finally time
to shoot this thing.
All right.
- Oh. it's on.
- Yeah.
♪
What's going on?
- Ready to make a movie?
- Yeah.
Okay.
What are you eating?
Mommy made me
a breakfast burrito.
- Little flat.
- Enough energy until lunch?
- Mhm.
- Cool.
Alrighty.
- How's that?
- Good.
- All good?
- Yeah.
- What scene are you doing today?
- The garage scene.
- Yeah?
- Mhm.
Like. the playing in a band?
- Yeah.
But. yeah.
you had to get that in there.
- because that's my reality.
- Yeah.
Come on.
Back it up.
Yeah. it is.
I just asked him to move up.
All right. now I'm feeling
a little bit tired.
- Yeah. did you sleep okay?
- Yes. I did.
And I'm feeling happy.
- Well. good.
- Ready for the scene.
There we go.
And I am ready.
How was work?
- Hey. bro. come in.
- Hey. how you doing?
- It's the big day.
- I know.
Yeah. it's a big day for us.
I'm excited.
- I know.
- So. I'll come over on set
- just to see how it's going.
- Cool.
You guys. you can rock this.
- I know it.
- Oh. please. I'm ready to rock.
- It's showtime.
- It's on.
- Yeah.
You guys good.
you both buckled up?
- Yep.
- All right.
So. how are you feeling.
are you nervous?
- Nah.
- Good.
I see a motorcycle
and some giant trucks.
so I think I'm here.
Oh look. a motorcycle.
- It's Bobby.
- Hey. how you doing?
Hey. Bobby.
- All right.
- Oh. the drum set!
Oh. oh sick!
This is an awesome drum set.
bro. check it out.
Get some mic stands over here.
- Oh. that's awesome.
- What do you guys think?
- Is it what you envisioned?
- Yeah. amazing.
So. you got a big day.
let's get you guys upstairs
- into wardrobe.
- Go ahead and go up the stairs
- and up another set of stairs.
- Okay.
So. are you guys
getting dressed now?
- Okay.
- Is that what's happening.
or are they doing
the tattoo first?
- You ready for this?
- Yeah. I'm ready for this.
- Awesome. dude.
- You're awesome.
Make it look a little more worn.
Yeah. I mean. I washed it.
it helped.
So. that's gonna get...
It's gonna get a little wet.
- don't worry.
- It's all right.
So. let's try it one more time.
and action.
- Good.
- What's that?
That's Downtown Providence.
Okay. so that's how
we're gonna start.
- Here we go. you ready?
- All right. cue music.
Cue music.
Tail slate. tail slate
real quick. sorry. tail slate.
Where is the music. man?
We're gonna put
the song in after.
I was just telling you.
showing you an example
- about how the music's gonna be.
- Oh. okay.
You know. 'cause we can't
actually play it
during the scene.
'cause we need to have the audio
of everything that we're doing.
you know. when Alan always
tells to shut off the music.
Take two. scene one.
♪ We will. we will
rock you ♪
That's a tail slate. okay. cool.
Okay. I know
this looks really bad.
but wait for it.
we're gonna show you
the whole movie soon.
and the scene totally works.
- I promise.
- All right. let's get you
out of that guitar and jacket.
let's cool you off a little bit.
One. two. three. four.
Yeah. we're coming loud
into Providence. Rhode Island.
I got swag. don't pay no money.
I got twisted. busted rhymes.
we're the wrong mix.
Wrong color don't mix.
no hip-hop.
The MC's hip-hop.
♪
All right.
Oh. thank you.
♪
Where are those
future bionic babies?
♪
Hold on. hello?
Here we go. come on.
get in it. let's go!
- Get excited.
- Welcome to Zombie Safaris.
♪
- It's Spring Break. bro.
- It's gonna be awesome. bro.
Oh. it's awesome.
This is fun.
♪
Yeah. another one.
Thank you for being zombies.
Some days. it's...
Everything changes by 12:00.
and then some days we're here
much later than we anticipated.
It's the fog.
Don't let this
feel-good montage fool you.
Things weren't always
fun on set.
For example. we shot
the whole thing in August.
and it was like 100 degrees
most of the time.
I feel like I'm gonna
have a heart attack.
- Are you okay?
- I'm really hot.
You're really hot?
You wanna get in the AC?
- Do you feel... do you need water?
- Yeah. I do.
Are you okay?
Why is it so hot?
That's all the problem is.
I know. it's so hot.
I'm trying to get a fan
- back there for you. too.
- Ugh!
I know. I know. it's frustrat...
You know what. honestly.
I'm on your side.
that's kind of annoying
that they keep you
in a hot room in a hot jacket
standing around.
I completely agree.
The fastest way out of it
at this point. though.
is for us just to
get the take done.
and you're right.
you're right to be frustrated.
I'm not saying
it's not frustrating.
I know. but I'm not in the mood
for being hot right now.
I know. I know.
neither am I actually.
- I'm hot. too.
- Had a tough day.
Everybody has their point
where they just had enough.
and I think. as a parent.
you learn to anticipate
when that will be. hopefully.
- Emotionally he was overwhelmed.
- He was spent.
He was spent. and I think
they've done remark...
I mean. far better...
I thought we'd have this
multiple times every day.
All right. we don't even need
that much of them.
We need their lines saying.
"Kick them in the side
- of the penis."
- I started reminding him
of the original scenes
that he and Mattie were doing.
acting out.
before this even became a thing.
they would go and act out scenes
for the zombie movie.
This was years ago. before...
It was just fun. and I said.
"Remember how much fun
that was?" We pretended to go.
"Take one. take two."
We just. you know...
We were pretending
to make a movie
and they were having a blast.
and I said. "It's the same thing
you're doing now.
except it's
a little more formal."
It'll be tough for a couple
days. but we can do this.
- You think so?
- Yeah.
- You think we can do it?
- Yeah!
- We gotta do it.
- Them. too.
- Ahh.
- There it is.
Group hug.
♪
What everybody in this world
wants you to need to know?
Why do I think that everybody's
gonna wanna see this movie?
- Yeah.
- I think everyone's gonna wanna
see this movie. because you guys
are doing something
really special.
and really unique.
and really different than
anybody's ever done before.
♪
Ladies and gentlemen. can I
have your attention. please?
I have the pleasure to say
that is officially a wrap
on Sam and Mattie's
Teen Zombie Movie!
Like. I've never been with
this amount of people
that all actually.
truly believe in something.
and I feel like
Sid taking his first steps
on the set
of an insane zombie movie.
Sam and Mattie getting tattoos.
♪
We've been through
worse than this.
Yeah.
It feels really good.
♪
We were so psyched to
finally get their movie made.
we hadn't put any thought
into how people
were ever gonna see it.
so we just decided
to host our own world premiere
in Providence. Rhode Island.
- There we go.
- Do you think anyone's gonna
- come see this?
- Gotta be noticeable.
All right. do it here.
Go right there. do right there.
All right. there ya go.
I'm good.
All right.
we have two more to go.
Bobby. let's go.
Oh. Jesus.
- Ah. nice.
- And he's done.
- Yes. he did it.
- Oh. sweet.
Thanks. dude.
- All right.
- Spring Break Zombie Massacre.
- July 7.
- Did I spell it right?
- Yep.
- Wanna check out the...?
You wanna check out
the projector?
Uh. the projector's
not set up right now.
Oh. it's not?
But I'll have it set up
on Thursday.
Oh. cool.
- Yeah!
- Oh. man. oh. man.
I'm locked in.
someone let me out.
- Careful.
- Hey. let me out of here.
So. are you excited
about tonight?
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
What's the most exciting part
gonna be?
Like. what are you really
looking forward to tonight?
- I know they asked you that...
- For walking the hot carp...
For walking down the red carpet.
Walking down
the red carpet. yeah?
- Yeah. yeah.
- Yeah.
Hey. kid.
Hey. ma'am!
Hi. how are you doing. good?
Brains. brains.
Coca-Cola brains.
Oh. okay. all right.
I'm gonna give you Mattie.
Would you prefer speaker phone.
so you can talk to both of them
really quick?
Just 'cause Mattie's here
and they're together now.
Okay. here.
This is a reporter from Sweden
that wants to talk to you.
She talked to Sam
a little bit. but Mattie.
- she wants to talk to you.
- Hello?
Hello. hi. is this Mattie?
Yeah. it's me. it's Mattie.
Hi. Mattie. my name is Kathleen.
- I'm calling from Sweden.
- Uh-huh.
♪
♪ Today is Thursday ♪
♪ We're going to
my movie premiere
with our hot dates ♪
♪ Justine and Madeline.
there you go ♪
♪
♪ Alan's recording sound
and Tim is filming me ♪
♪ And rocking it out of pocket ♪
♪ But now. I'm... ♪
♪ Yesterday we are... ♪
What I love about
what you guys have done
is you met years ago.
you talked about this dream.
and you made it happen.
this is pretty spectacular.
- Yeah. it...
- This was amazing.
I've seen Billy Joe Armstrong
here. like. Jack Black.
- John Cena.
- Oh. no. no.
- They are crazy people.
- Yeah.
And it was cool meeting me too.
Spring Break Zombie Massacre
is coming soon
- to a theater near you!
- ♪ There's no one telling us
about what to do ♪
♪ No worlds ♪
♪ No laws ♪
♪ No consequences ♪
♪ Just partying
all day and night ♪
♪ With the DJ behind the booth ♪
♪ We sing out of pocket ♪
♪ It's just you and me
it's one. two. one. two. three ♪
- Get Sam and Mattie!
Hey. everybody!
- It happens tonight.
- Yeah.
We do this movie
because it captures
me and Mattie's personality.
If you can feel it.
make some noise.
- Make some noise.
- Can you feel it?
This is the best movie 'cause
it's gonna blow your minds.
- Your minds.
- And blow your
underpants off. too.
Yeah. it does.
Thank you. everyone.
and have a good night.
Enjoy the show.
And now for the moment
we've all been waiting for.
Spring Break Zombie Massacre.
♪
- We are The American...
- Mind Freaks!
♪
Oh. my God. like wow.
we just killed it. bro.
Is it okay if I go upstairs
- with 10 percent of these girls?
- Sure. man.
- Peace. man.
- Peace.
- I'm gonna see AJ for a sec.
- Oh. okay.
This is Sam.
This is Mattie.
These are
the future bionic heroes
that have the power
to save humanity!
♪
Where are those
future bionic babies?
I need their future power.
You're too late. Devil.
You're not getting
anywhere near my family.
I don't have to.
I have an army of demons
that do it for me.
Dad!
Daaad!
I'm gonna end your wives' lives.
- Grow up!
- Huh?
No one tells me to grow up!
♪
Boop.
Oh. yeah.
Ohh.
♪
- Police!
- Huh?
Devil. your childish.
pussy behavior
has gone on too long.
You're on probation!
Fuck!
Attention please. Dr. Peter.
please call.
♪
Sup. bro?
- Hey. Sam.
- Hey.
♪
- I don't like that new girl.
- I think she's cool.
I don't want you talking to her.
- Why not?
- Because she is
- splitting you and me apart.
- I'm not sure she is.
She's pretty cool.
I'm gonna do what I do.
♪
Divas.
What's that noise?
Are you making out in here?
Yes. ma'am.
Get out of here.
♪
You're mine. tiger.
Oh. hell yeah.
American Mind Freaks.
You guys kicked ass
last weekend.
I know. we did.
yeah. man. that was fun.
- Loved it.
- Yeah.
You guys were rocking out
so hard.
Yo. when are you guys gonna be
jamming again so we can come by?
I'm not sure. man.
I got a lot of homework.
- Who are you texting?
- It's none of your business
- who I was texting.
- Yes it is!
- I'm your girlfriend!
- Whoa.
- Who said you're my girlfriend?
- You did!
- I know. man.
- That's a lot of homework.
- Why are you so mean to me?
- Don't touch me.
- You don't touch me.
- Whoa.
- What in the hell?
Don't touch me!
- Yo. what?
- We're done.
Hey. what's the matter?
My boyfriend broke up with me.
- I'm so sad.
- I know.
Who the hell is this?
- Enough. or else.
- Or else what?
Or else I'm breaking up
with you.
Fine. we're over.
- Whatever. whatever.
- I'm sorry.
It's okay. it's not your fault.
You're awesome.
♪
Okay. hitting pause for a sec.
Sorry to interrupt the flow.
We're gonna jump behind the
scenes a few times to give you
a closer look at Sam
and Mattie's creative process.
So. please enjoy the product
placement meeting
that inspired the next scene
and scored us free catering.
- Mattie. just this one here.
- Right there.
And then whatever you want.
So tell us more about you.
I know it's about us. but we
wanna know about you guys.
Yeah. well. my name's Dave.
this is my brother Brian.
Us with our other brother Jesse.
we moved out to New York
about 10 years ago.
and we started with a street
cart here in New York and...
- We saw the picture.
- Yeah. and then we went on
to open a few restaurants.
so that's where we are now.
- Just selling tacos.
- Oh. cool.
Have you heard of
breakfast nachos?
I have heard of
breakfast nachos.
- Can I have some?
- We've mentioned that
these guys reached out to me.
they said that.
you know.
they maybe wanted to do
some product placement
in the movie. but...
Yeah. we saw the Kickstarter
and we were instantly excited.
'cause it seemed like
an awesome movie.
- Yeah.
- So any chance we can be a part
of an awesome movie.
we wanna do whatever we can.
So thanks so much
for coming down
and showing us
what you had in mind.
All right. so you wanna take 'em
through the first idea?
Yeah. sure. show them.
That's me throwing.
So. if I have this thing
over here
that I will like...
do that thing.
It's a bomb.
it has a thing inside of it.
Like a bomb-rito?
- No. not... well. sort of.
- A bomb-rito. yeah. yeah.
So. I took the zombie butt.
put it through his rectum
and blow it up.
- Yeah.
- You know. my concern would be
potentially using rectums
with our food.
Um. but outside of that...
- You wanna move on?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- So who's this on the floor?
It's a kid who's being bullied
by these four bullies.
Didn't you have some dialogue
written for this?
They just need to know
what you guys are gonna say?
Oh. dialogue. oh. dialogue.
yeah. yeah.
Yeah. I say like. "Wow. dude.
these wings
or these burritos rock."
And then Mattie says.
"I think I have an orgasm."
and then I'm like.
"Really. dude?"
I'm like. "Really. dude?"
Mattie comes out before me.
He grabs the bike.
then he grabs the kid.
I bend like this a little bit
and do like
a big jump over them.
Yeah. I'd be like.
"Later. bitches." I'm like...
Deal.
♪
Thanks for the burritos. guys.
they're really good.
- Now. enjoy.
- Peace. brother.
♪
What's this little prick
doing here?
♪
Come here.
Dude. these burritos rock. man.
This is freaking awesome.
I'm gonna have an orgasm.
burrito-gasm.
Dude. really. dude?
- Oh. dude. bully.
- Hold on.
♪
Don't touch him.
Why not?
Stop bullying.
Whatever. man.
What do you mean.
"Whatever. man?"
You need a better attitude
or somebody needs to teach you
anger management.
and AJ too.
♪
Later. bitches!
♪ Hot now. rock now ♪
♪ Chilling with my top down ♪
♪ Riding dirty. dip it low ♪
♪ Never gon' stop now ♪
♪ Hot now. rock now ♪
♪ Chilling with my top down ♪
♪ Fresher than a motherfucker ♪
♪ Never gon' get locked down ♪
That's some serious shit.
you know.
Bullying is actually a crime.
You can get arrested for that.
I'm not kidding.
Come on.
You know what I love
after I get bullied
is watching hand-to-hand combat.
I got you.
All right.
♪
Let's go.
- Hey. Dan.
What's up. bro?
Stuff.
Hey. man.
♪
Kick his penis!
Hey. bros. wanna hit up Cumbies
for some victory slushies?
Oh. hell yeah!
♪
Oh. hey. Dan. I really liked
those finishing moves.
- That was pretty good. man.
- I like your flips.
Like. how did you do that
with the force?
I'm just that good.
Wow. man. I like that.
Also. Dan. we met this kid
and he was being bullied
by these four douchebag punks.
- Yup.
- So we saved him.
I did an ollie over the bullies.
Later. bitches!
Mattie did a zip on a motorcycle
and saved him.
It was so awesome.
Yeah. it was awesome.
Oh. it's past
this kid's bedtime.
I should call his mom.
♪
♪ Do biceps. then legs ♪
♪ Yeah. it's a creatine rage ♪
Hi. we found your son
and I was wondering
if you can pick him up.
Thank you. bye.
♪
Well. well. well.
- You're coming with me.
- Ah. man.
- Freedom of speech!
- He didn't do anything!
- What about the amendments?
- What are you guys.
drinking soda. doing graffiti?
♪
Hey. if you guys join me.
you'll get your chance
to get Sam and Mattie
once and for all.
Get Sam and Mattie.
- Get Sam and Mattie.
- Get Sam and Mattie!
If you want to be on my side.
you can be zombies.
Demons. too.
- We're in.
Raise your hands
if you want to be zombies.
if you want to be demons.
Raise your hands
if you want to be zombie demons.
Rise. my zombies!
Rise. my demons!
Rise. my zombie demons!
Let's capture Sam and Mattie
and destroy their stupid
little family.
♪
Okay. time to hit pause again.
We hope you're sucked in by now.
But to really appreciate
the upcoming prom scene.
you need to know
a little bit about Sam's
real life prom experience.
- Oh!
- Yeah. don't choke him.
- I don't want to.
- Tilt back.
It's just tight.
There we go.
Did you ask her to prom
or did she ask you to prom?
- I asked her to prom.
- How'd you ask her?
I just came up and said.
"Will you go to prom with me?"
And she said yes.
Easy. it was basically
a no brainer.
And we're meeting her
at the school first. right?
Yeah.
I look good.
♪
I'm gonna win Prom King tonight.
And I can and I will
win Prom King.
because I am one
of the Prom King nominees.
Believe that.
- Big smiles.
- You look so good.
Thanks. Mom.
Hey. Mom. get in there.
- I love my mom too.
- Gotta take some photos of...
Oh my God.
Kill me now.
Do you want to call her?
You know. this is gonna hurt
my chances to be Prom King.
I'll tell you that.
I'm sad to report that
this isn't a scene we staged
for documentary drama reasons.
My brother really did
get stood up.
So he wrote himself
a way cooler prom story.
So. okay. so the next scene
that we're gonna go to
is the prom scene.
♪
- Hey. bro.
- Yeah?
I'm so glad I broke up with AJ.
That's a hard dance.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah.
♪
All right. this is for
all my lovers out there.
♪
All the girls. in the bathroom!
Go. follow me!
♪
Oh God!
Listen. listen.
I promise.
I'll do what it takes.
Just...
♪
Take care of my daughter.
Oh my God!
♪
Oh yeah.
Hey!
I remember you!
I think I know you too.
You're the one that had
an argument with my father.
then killed my mother!
Yeah. exactly. that was me.
Your mom was a ho.
♪
Let me go.
not the hair. not the hair!
You're mine now!
Mattie. help me!
♪
- Rock on!
- Go wild!
Come on. bro.
We better get out of here.
This is not my fault.
♪
So what did I miss last night?
I shot my girlfriend last night.
Wait. what happened?
You shot your girlfriend
last night.
- Yeah.
- Oh my gosh. that's insane.
- I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
- Yeah. thank you.
You did everything
you needed to do.
- You want a shoulder to cry on?
- Yeah.
- All right. come here.
- It's all right. man.
- Yeah. it...
- It's gonna be okay.
I know. but it's really
disturbing when I did it.
It's super disturbing.
I think Mrs. Fox has
a daughter named Elizabeth.
She's really cool.
you should date her. man.
- Oh. I should.
- All right. cool.
- Yeah.
- Elizabeth.
- Yeah. I love her.
- Cool.
Cool.
How was the punch?
It was good until the Devil
peed in it.
♪
Hi-ya!
My sons.
Now that you're going away
to college.
I have a special gift
for both of you.
Whoa.
The power of bionics.
- That's sick. bro.
- Come on.
These special powers will help
you save humanity forever.
♪
- Wow.
Yo. these bionics are awesome.
I'm powerful. I'm awesome.
and I don't care
what people think about me.
♪
No way.
Mom. I wish you could see this.
It's incredible.
I'm a human but I'm not.
Guess what. Devil.
you're not a pretty face.
- I am.
- I feel so superhuman.
It's cool. you know?
Because of this.
my life is way better.
Yes. yes!
♪
I can feel it.
Okay. guys.
we're almost to Spring Break.
but before we get there.
you need to understand
that when they were
writing the scene.
Mattie was feeling
a little underwhelmed
by his real life
college experience.
♪
So tell me about today.
Yeah. I'm going to college.
it's nonsense.
Nonsense. what do you mean?
- Like college.
- That's not nonsense.
What do you expect
out of college?
What I expect to be in college?
Dorm rooms.
some stuff like that.
the frat house.
- Soda kegs for everybody.
- Yeah.
What about the studying.
the books?
Oh. well that's. that's nerds'
thing kind of type.
That's not necessarily
for nerds.
I'm going on Spring Break
next month.
That's where I'm heading to.
right. Mom?
I'm going on Spring Break
in March.
- We'll see.
- If you could get Pauly D
to play at your school
that'd be cool.
- Yeah.
- Did he respond to you
- on Facebook?
- Yes he did.
I texted him.
Facebooked this morning.
What did he say?
"My dude!"
- He said. "My dude?"
- Yeah.
- Really?
I wanna see this.
And also. I typed.
"My main man!"
You used to just watch him on TV
and now you talk to him
on Facebook.
- Yeah.
- Man oh man.
- That's awesome.
- The power of dreams.
Yup.
♪
That's the building.
that's the building I'm going.
♪
- Hi.
- How are you?
- Over there.
- We're making a movie.
I know that
you're making a movie.
So we hired this guy
to film me in college.
Six years.
♪
Ten percent better
than high school.
♪
Okay. now let's get back
to Mattie's dream campus.
Yeah. high school was awesome.
now we're in college.
You guys studying hard?
♪
Your massaging's really good.
Just like your mother.
She's dead now.
♪
Hey. bros. guess what?
- What?
I just hacked into your bionics.
- Nice.
So nice.
Can you unlock
all the abilities for us?
- Yeah.
- Cool.
- Give us all the abilities.
- Unlock 'em all.
But we're gonna
have to be careful.
If this info gets
into the wrong hands.
it could mean
the end of humanity.
Forever.
But in the meantime.
why don't I start you guys off
with some roundhouse kicks?
Some punches and spins.
shape-shifting. air-bending.
long jump. short jump.
tiny jump. microscopic jump.
break dancing. spanking.
picking up heavy stuff.
- flying roundhouse kicks.
- Yup.
What do you guys think?
We should test them
at Spring Break.
- Yes!
- Yeah. man!
- That's such a good idea.
- Hell yeah!
- Woo!
- Yeah. dude. I'm down.
Hey. guys. how's it going?
Hey. what's up. Dad?
- What's going on?
- Hey. Dad.
Made some pie for you.
Eric unlocked all
the abilities for us.
No way. that's so cool.
Yeah. we're going
on Spring Break.
Oh really.
when are you guys leaving?
- Pretty much right now.
- What?
But I just made some pie
for you guys.
- Let's go. guys.
- I could have a piece now
- before I leave.
- Yeah. let's go.
- Okay.
- Sorry. bro.
- Oh man.
- All right. let's go.
I just got here. guys.
♪
- Any luck. Eric?
- I'm sorry. guys.
- This thing's dead.
- Why? What. why?
I mean. we're screwed.
we're not going anywhere.
- Really?
- Man. that sucks.
How are we gonna get
to Spring Break then?
- You tell me.
- I have an idea.
Hold on a minute.
- Guess what. guys!
- What?
- We got jetpacks!
- Oh yeah. man. gimme that!
Well. how are we
gonna get there?
- We'll call you a cab.
- Yup. later.
♪
Shots. shots. shots.
shots. shots!
Everybody!
Such good soda.
- Was that yummy?
- Yes it was.
- How was yours?
- It was good.
Cool.
♪
- Ahh.
- There we go.
I love Spring Break!
- Woo!
- Oh my God. this is so fun.
Whoa!
- Whoa.
- Wow.
Yo. that was awesome.
- Girl power.
- I'll protect you.
- Come on. girl power!
- Girl power!
Girl power!
♪
Why are you being so quiet?
- Are you okay?
- Not really.
I think something's
wrong with me.
Look at me. are you okay?
What did you drink?
Can you explain the feeling?
Sam. are you okay?
Where'd you get that drink. Sam?
I gotta get out of here.
What do you mean?
♪
Wanna buy some drugs?
Uh. not really.
Come on. buy some drugs.
Uh.
it does sound very tempting.
but I don't really know.
You know you want some drugs.
Uh...
They're right here.
Well. I don't see why not.
♪
Hey. what we got here. son?
- Just some drugs.
- Drugs?
You know that drugs are illegal
and bad for you. right?
Yeah. I know that. yeah.
Well. we got you now.
come with me.
You're going to jail
for so many seasons.
Can I talk to
my girlfriend first?
No. get in the car.
Sam!
Why?
♪
Get. get!
I hate you.
♪
I'll kick your ass.
Mr. Smith.
Based on the three seasons
you have spent behind bars.
and the deep...
deep sadness and suffering
felt by everyone
when you were incarcerated...
I have no choice
but to release you
on the basis of emotional pain.
♪
I'm free.
I'm sorry I messed up. Nikki.
I know.
Don't cry. I'm here now.
- You've done it.
- Done what?
You've broken the drug spell.
♪
It's not safe here.
We gotta get the heck
out of here.
♪
Eric!
Sam. Mattie. let's go. bros.
Let's go!
♪
All right. let's party.
- Bros!
- Hey. what's up. bro?
- 'Sup?
- Heard you're fresh outta jail.
- Yeah.
- I'm thinking it's time
to party. in style.
♪
Okay. pause.
Last time I'm gonna do this.
I promise.
but we just had to show you the
greatest day of Mattie's life.
♪
- Yeah.
- I don't know though.
It also might be DJ Barry D.
- No. not DJ Barry D.
- I can't remember.
- It is Pauly D. man.
- How do you know?
What are you gonna do.
how do you think
you're gonna react
if Pauly D shows up?
I'll be like. "I'm a huge fan
of the Jersey Shore."
Uh-huh. what else
are you gonna say?
- And...
- 'Cause he does
- a lot of other stuff too.
- I really want you to know
it's okay to me signed from you.
- Oh. you wanna get signed?
- Yeah. by him.
- As a DJ?
- Yeah.
I would take.
I would take your time
getting to that part
of the conversation.
Yeah. that'd be great.
- Hey. Pete Farrelly.
- Hey. Mattie!
Like that. you're taking
your eye off it.
Like that. no.
you're taking your eye off it.
- Come on. I'm not.
- Some hits.
Oh. every time.
It's like you can't be doing it
at the same time.
♪
You gotta do that harder
and harder. you know?
So what I want to know...
I wanna hear from you first.
Mattie.
Tell me what you think of Sam's
performance thus far.
I want you to tell him honestly
how you felt.
I know you've been watching him.
He's doing good.
Expand on that.
He's trying to stay badass.
- That's what he does.
- All right. and I'm sure.
Sam. you've got a long-winded
answer about Mattie
and how you've watched him grow
and his abilities.
- Tell me about that.
- Well.
when I first saw Mattie
in acting.
- I saw him in a bunch of plays.
- Yeah.
Like Godspell. you know.
High School Musical.
- Yeah. I did a lot of plays.
- Different plays.
Mattie's acting is really good.
you know?
The drive. the focus is awesome.
- Thank you.
- Like...
- What's up. fellas?
- DJ Pauly D!
- Oh my God!
- Are you serious?
- What's up. man?
I heard you guys need a DJ.
Yeah.
What. you guys thought
I wasn't coming?
He knew I was coming.
You knew I was coming. right?
That's right.
No. I wouldn't miss it.
I wouldn't miss it.
You guys are killing it too.
I can't believe it.
I love your two catchphrases.
he goes.
"Oh yeah. wake up. yeah!
- Cabs are here!"
- "Cabs are here!
The cabs are here!"
We didn't need an alarm clock
in that house.
Yeah. dude. yeah.
You know what's funny about you?
- What's that?
- You're my idol.
- Thank you. man.
- 'Cause I wanna be
- a DJ like you.
- Oh. DJ Mattie.
- DJ Mattie Z.
- Mattie Z. I like that.
- Yeah.
- All right. that's what's up.
Sammy can be your manager.
I'm actually a decent singer.
I sing.
- Oh okay.
- Let's do it.
- Pauly. Pauly. Pauly!
- Pauly. Pauly. Pauly. Pauly!
♪
I'm back.
and I'm not leaving
without those bionic powers.
♪
You broke my heart.
You have no heart!
♪
Captain Ajam to seashore.
Got a situation onboard!
Hey. I know you.
I know you too.
Ah. ah. mayday!
Did you hire a drug dealer
to make me drunk?
Yes!
♪
Bring it!
Hey. zombie.
Payback is a bitch.
♪
Oh no.
He needs more power.
Think. think!
♪
Wait a minute.
Move. move!
Sam needs more power!
I got this.
♪
Sam needs more.
he needs more power!
Got you!
♪
- Mattie!
- What?
- We need more power!
- I'm coming!
- All right. I'm here.
- We need your help.
♪
I got nothing left.
You're gonna have
to save your friends.
I will.
- Thank you. Pauly.
- I'm done.
I got a secret weapon.
♪
Yeah. lay it on!
Sam. come on!
- Eric. run it now!
- I'm trying. I'm trying!
♪
Ahh!
Come on. Mattie!
You got it. you got it. Mattie.
♪
You have any last words?
Grow up!
Wow.
♪
So there you have it.
Sam and Mattie's dream
zombie movie
made exactly the way
they envisioned it.
♪
The world premiere
was everything
they wanted it to be and more.
♪
Then we took the film on tour.
hosted screenings
all over the place.
New York. Atlanta. Kansas City.
Vienna. Orlando.
Cincinnati. Telluride.
The whole thing
was one big roving party.
- Get Sam and Mattie!
- Get Sam and Mattie.
Rock on! Go wild!
All right!
♪
But isn't that amazing?
When it started. just a little
kernel of an idea.
and given the time
and the right support.
you guys are capable
of anything.
And I believe that.
What freaked me out
was when they were on Conan.
and when you press the button to
see the description of the show.
you see your son's name
on the TV.
That was pretty cool.
You gonna make it?
People want you to. you know.
go someplace with your movie.
speak at something.
do a commercial.
win an award.
So that sort of forced us
to kind of be like
ready to go and flexible.
But their film itself wasn't
exactly a runaway success.
♪
I mean. some things
have not changed.
You're still trying.
always looking for work.
♪
One of the things I worry about
is that one day it's gonna stop.
And eventually. it all did stop.
Everyone went home to New York.
the phone stopped ringing.
and things just kind of
went back to normal
for Sam and Mattie.
♪
Yeah. I wanna be honest
about it.
It doesn't seem at this point
like. you know...
When was the last time
you got a phone call?
- Been a while?
- Yeah.
The question is. "Why?"
So what was the point
of this whole thing?
What did they want out of it?
Was this film a flop.
did we fail?
Um...
Actually. you know. I've got a
lot of processing
about this for a minute.
Well. I would say if we're
speaking very honestly.
and truthfully. I would say no.
Because to me. I don't care
about show business.
- I care about friends.
- Ahhh!
Get set. go!
You know what I mean.
I don't wanna be a sell-out
or I don't wanna be a punk
that cares about the money.
because I never thought. like.
a movie like this.
like a small idea
of a movie like this.
that would actually happen.
but when you. Jesse.
put it on Kickstarter.
it did happen.
Tell me more about the movie.
tell me why this is
the greatest movie ever.
It's gonna be
- Why?
- It's gonna be awesome.
- It made me and Mattie closer.
- Yeah.
It made you and me closer.
It made you. me.
everyone closer.
because I remember.
we were like half brothers.
but now we're actually
full brothers.
- Like...
- Do you want a soda?
No.
Do you feel like
I'm not here enough?
Yeah.
Is that what the film is about?
Aw. Sammie.
You should come here more often.
♪
Sam just wanted to hang out.
All he ever wanted
was to hang out.
♪
Yeah. we should take it easy
with emotions here.
No. man.
I wanna pour it all out.
- You wanna cry?
- Yeah. I don't care.
All right. go for it.
I wanted to hang out
with my brother more.
hang out with Bobby more.
you know.
hang out with my friends more.
And to make
more dreams come true.
- Mhm.
- Pretty much.
♪
You seem the happiest
when you're being creative
with a bunch of other people.
So what are we doing next. guys?
I wanna make my sequel.
The critics don't want more of
Sam and Mattie but the fans do.
Critics. yeah. hey.
come to my house.
French kiss my ass.
"French kiss my ass."
I've never heard that before.
Yeah.
That is a gross image.
It doesn't matter what film
we're making.
just that people
with a disability.
we have rights to make a movie.
To be with a creative mind
and hearing. sharing thoughts
and sharing with each other.
- Yes. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes!
♪
They say that the journey's more
important than the destination.
I think that's what it is.
♪
What's the word I'm looking for?
- Mattie. help me here.
- Uh. what is it?
I'm trying to find the word.
help me find the word here.
- Oh. don't stop believing.
- Yeah. don't stop believing.
Thank you.
You keep believing.
If you keep believing.
it it will happen.
Like. it's not about
how fast you get there.
It's about what's waiting
for you on the other side.
♪
♪ You're my best friend ♪
♪ And I love just hanging out
with you ♪
♪
♪ And I think you're real fun ♪
♪ And I think you're so cool ♪
♪
♪ And you make me think
new things ♪
♪
♪ And I love just hanging out
with you ♪
♪
♪ And you are my best friend ♪
♪ Yeah. you are my best friend ♪
♪
♪ And I wouldn't have it
any other way ♪
♪
♪ No. I wouldn't have it
any other way ♪
♪
♪ And I think you're special ♪
♪ And I really care about you ♪
♪
♪ And it feels like
I've known you forever ♪
♪
♪ And that really means a lot ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah.
that really means a lot ♪
♪
♪ 'Cause you are
my best friend ♪
♪
♪ Yeah. you are my best friend ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Best friends ♪
♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Best friends ♪
♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Best friends ♪
♪
♪ Yo ♪
♪ What up ♪
♪ If I had a girl ♪
♪ If I had her name ♪
♪ Then I'll be the one ♪
♪ Snooki likes pickles ♪
My name is Sammy.
All the girls like me
'cause I'm a pretty boy.
Baby girl. I got ya.
I'm like John Cena.
Man. you get sleepy.
♪
Yes. yes. yes!
Yo. fuck this shit. man.
I'm awesome.
If I was you. I'd go home.
♪
♪ If I had a girl like her ♪
♪ I mean a girl ♪
♪